Ember.js Learning Time Trial
by: Steven Steffen

This app is a little simple weight tracker meant to track a persons's change in mood with change in weight.
This was meant as a coding test for Jiff, and encompassess about 24-28 hours of work.
When this project was started, no previous knowledge of emberjs or html5 canvas graphing was known.
The optional portions of the ios spinner and external api metrics, though attempted, were eventually removed.

IOS Spinner: I was working on this for about 6 hours. I managed to get a spinner functioning, but couldn't get
it integrated with the emberjs view data. Eventually scrapped it to rewrite some of the integration code.

Tests: They are all in cucumber/capyara running a chrome browser. Because of this, to run the tests you will need the chrome webdriver found here: http://code.google.com/p/chromedriver/downloads/list.
Optional: If you prefer, you may remove the following lines from features/support/env.rb

          Capybara.register_driver :selenium do |app|
            Capybara::Selenium::Driver.new(app, :browser => :chrome)
          end

This will force remove the chrome dependency from the features

Setup:

To get the app running, clone this repo with:

  git clone git@github.com:ssteffen/weight_tracker.git

Then run the following basic startup commands:
  bundle install
  bundle exec rake db:create
  bundle exec rake db:schema:load
  RAILS_ENV=test bundle exec rake db:schema:load

If you would like to start with some pre-built data, run: 
  bundle exec rake db:seed

To run the cucumber tests, run:
  bundle exec cucumber -vb


Functionality:

When started, the app will ask the user for their weight, a simple text field bound to a display for lbs.
When this is finished, (either by submitting or cancelling), the user will be asked to submit a mood.
I had a little personal fun with this one by binding the mood value with rage faces, enjoy :)
After mood is input, the main screen is shown. This has a line graph that plots the data.
If you started with no data in the app, then an orange and purple x will appear here, if you seeded with older data
then there will be two lines, each coinciding by color to either weight or mood.
From this page there are also buttons so the user can submit further weights and moods, as well as a display showing the previous update.

Screenshots are located in public/screenshots
